samples: matter: remove diagnostic clusters from template ZAP (#12525)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added the :ref:`Matter thermostat <matter_thermostat_sample>` sample.

* :ref:`matter_template_sample`:

>   * Removed Thread, Wi-Fi, and software diagnostic clusters support from the ZAP file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed support for the Thread, Wi-Fi, and software diagnostics clusters from the ZAP file.
```
